hello and welcome to the wonderful world
of them you know supercard how's it
going guys
it's been a long time since I last
recorded well three maybe even four days
and a lot has changed since then
we've had a full road to glory we've had
King of the Ring we've had a fool King
the ring as well and also Elimination
Chamber we're gonna have a discussion
and what I thought about the
pay-per-view so I'll leave that towards
the end just in case like some spoilers
start going like flying about I don't
know what I'm trying to do flying about
also changes my camera I've gone back to
like my original one so hopefully that's
nice and clear because my wick cam was
like I don't know the lighting was awful
like it would kept changing during the
video so I wasn't too happy with that
but basically the first thing we are
going to start off with is the road to
glory results now I got to the
semi-final I did in fact lose because it
was a beast and he just completely
destroyed me but as you can see on your
screen yes now you might be wondering
it's just snicker wood what why are you
getting excited not only is it just Nuka
but we do in fact have another one so I
have my first ever survivor Pro diva
that is awesome so I can't really be too
picky like I don't know how good she is
in terms of a card but I've got a pro
and that's what I'm going to be using in
the King of the Ring I'm gonna do that
free MB thing free man and hopefully
destroy quite a few people like I've got
like a little tip for you guys and it's
been working so I'll go and show you
that in a minute but I wanted to show
you sort of my current deck and how it's
going but before I do that I'm gonna
spoil it I'm gonna have to spoil it
where is it no I don't have to spoil it
well I'm gonna do it anyway I'm going to
announce it so basically the road to
glory was well it finished Sunday is
they finished yesterday and I got to the
first nibble but obviously I didn't play
it and like I was saying I didn't really
have time to put all that effort into
actually acquiring those two so yeah I
actually didn't spend any titles until I
was like 3/4 of the way through to Bo
Dallas which was awesome like I'm happy
with that and that's what I'm trying to
get my deck to a point where I can just
keep getting these wrestle many cards
really really easily and then I can keep
rubbing them and then I can like get
WrestleManias rotor glories without
having to spend too much money so yeah
like way Barret not too bad but the king
the rotor
self didn't really take my fancy there
was something about it that like none of
the cars really interested me like
although I bad news parents awesome I
didn't really want him both dallas
likewise johncena that no point because
he doesn't really fit into my deck so
yeah let me know how far you got in the
air King Road to Glory always get those
mixed up grow to glory and yeah I've got
a little bit of a tip for you guys as
you know well you don't know if I'm
going to show you how I finally procane
together stop those two and it's a nice
card and what I tend to do just before I
start a King of the Ring I put one that
hasn't been approached well I put one
that's been probed but not fully maxed
out so it drops my tear down a little
bit well I think it does anyway and then
once I put them in the started roads of
glory then I start adding the cars to
him it's a bit cheeky but so far the
last one it works when I got to the
semis and this one is kind of working as
well like there is one person in here
though that's like sixteen and seventeen
oh no I don't know I'm gonna check to
see if I played that person whereas
swear as it wears it was it Oh mr. Fuji
ah missed me it's me although look at
this there she is oh I think actually
Seth Rollins can beat Dean Ambrose I
think about full fitness page oh oh
WrestleMania page I really want that and
oh I see
make sure to have make sure just to put
like I guess an ultra-rare in your Titan
because those that do do this do dual
all the three and being thing then
you'll beat their tag teams every single
time so yeah basically what I'm going to
do today is I'm gonna be playing some X
I'll be Shawnee on eonni matches and
we're gonna have a little chat about
Elimination Chamber so basically it was
yesterday in the morning for me let me
know where you are in the world let me
know if you had to stay up or you just
are up around about 7 o'clock because I
think in America it's like seven or
eight not entirely sure if you were for
America you can let me know but pretty
much it started off with the tag teams
oh and also if you haven't seen it I
there might may be spoilers I try not to
spoil it too much but basically the tag
team match the elbow first ever
elimination tag team was pretty decent
I'm not gonna lie like I thought it
wasn't gonna live up to expectation
like what although it wasn't really high
too much but it's the first ever
elimination day team and it worked
really really well died halfway through
the match there was like those little
midgets like hanging on to the fence now
I thought was hilarious I it was really
really cool and then one of them had
their foot stuck in to the the new day
his chambers jokes really really funny
but apart from that I think it went it
was alright it was a good pay-per-view
John Cena I knew he was going to lose
like obviously it set up to make the
other guy look good and that I don't
know why they've got the rematch though
there is no real point to the John Cena
rematch and I was speaking to it with a
few the guys that I'm in a Skype call
with and yeah they agreed as well so I
don't know why they did that was pretty
pointless also Neville
I was playing super car while watching
it and they never will matched kind of
like although he's a good wrestler he's
very very good in fact a really high
flier but it just sort of dragged out a
little bit like it was too long for its
own good and I kind of lost interest and
then the last match well there was a
rash but oh the diva match as well but
I'd even match the match I thought Paige
was actually legit injured that's why I
had to had to end it so soon not really
too sure what was going on with that and
but also the last match with Dean
Ambrose I don't know what the hell
happened
but I thought he actually legit won it
and then they stopped it and then they
said he got disqualified then he still
went off with a belt is brilliant that
was a good match though but still again
it was kind of it kind of dragged out
and that was a - basically like the two
main eventers with the John Cena one and
that it was a little bit too long but
apart from that it was a good
pay-per-view I enjoyed it and then we've
got two weeks away we have oh is it
ladder ladder TLC Tables Ladders chairs
we've got money in the bank that's what
I'm trying to say we've got money in the
bank so let me know your prediction or
who's gonna win that I personally think
is going you Randy Orton I think Randy
Orton should win it or it's gonna be
Dolph Ziggler Randy won or Dolph Ziggler
I think we'll take away the prize but
yeah guys I think we're gonna be playing
one more game here and then I'm gonna
wrap it up so let me know how far you
got in the road to glory let me know
who's going to be winning the money
the bank and why we up against AIDS yes
that's a bit of a weird it's a bit of a
weird names to alias I guess to run with
but anyway we're gonna beast in I we
these are basically like guaranteed wins
though because when it comes to this
point I just use these as my tag team
and I should in fact win yeah yeah half
yeah and I can't wait until the PCC to
be honest one thing I hate the PCC but
with the deck I have now I think it'd be
quite easy to do plus tens let me know
if you think otherwise but yeah I'm
pretty excited for it but guys if you
haven't enjoyed make sure to drop a like
and I should be doing another video
maybe tomorrow or the next day just
before the new rotor Glory is released
and we can see who's in it there so yeah
take easy guys and I'll see on the next
video boys